[theme music]
[Jae-il whimpers]
[sighs]
[Jae-il moans]
What kind of sick son of a bitch
does this?
[scoffs]
Dr. Jang. Go call the police.
-What?
-Child abuse, right?
Yeah. These aren't bruises
from a car accident.
Look, the coloration is different.
The bruises from a while back
are lighter in color,
and these recent ones are more vivid.
Judging from all the bruises on his back,
his father must beat him pretty often.
Hey, why haven't you called
the police yet?
Uh…
[breathing heavily]
Hey!
-[Jeong-won] Wait!
-[Gwang-hyeon] Hey!
[action music]
[clamoring]
[grunts]
[pants]
-We need to get him into surgery.
-Of course.
Oh, is Dr. Jang gonna be all right
without her shoes?
[sighs]
I've notified the police.
It'll take them five minutes.
They'll bring a social worker with them.
Shouldn't someone maybe help out Dr. Jang?
-Did you call hospital security?
-Yes.
[sighs]
She's really brave.
What if that guy had a knife or something?
[Gwang-hyeon scoffs]
Oh, about his brother,
he was also admitted here yesterday.
Is he going to be okay?
His father told us that he broke his arm,
but the X-ray showed broken ribs too.
[Jun-hui] It was pretty strange.
Let me take a look at it.
[action music]
-[grunts]
-[groans]
-[Gyeo-ul grunts]
-[Jae-hun's dad screams]
What are you doing? Get off me!
[yelps]
Let go!
Let go! No, no. Get off!
[grunts]
[groans]
[pants]
[bottle clanking]
[panting]
Are you all right?
Yeah. Thanks for the assist.
[Jae-hun's dad whimpers]
Get off me. Get off me!
Let go!
Good work, guys.
[Jae-hun's dad grunts]
What? Do you have any proof?
I didn't do anything. What's wrong?
Let's go to the police station
and talk about it.
Hey, jackass.
You got any proof to back that up?
Come on, spill it out.
The doctor has reason to believe that
you've been beating both of your children.
Is he a god or something?
He doesn't know anything at all.
They're my kids, okay? Get off my case!
I'm their father,
so I know what's best for them.
The doctors only saw them for ten minutes.
So what do they know, huh?
If you think it's unfair, then explain
everything at the station, okay?
-Come on, let's go.
-[Jeong-won] About Jae-hun.
[suspenseful music]
He broke his arm,
falling off a table yesterday.
I took a look at the X-ray,
and his right rib was broken, too.
Yeah, that's right. And so what?
Obviously, it's because
he fell on his right side.
-And even then, so what?
-It's not likely for someone
to break both an arm and a rib
from falling off a table.
I was also able to determine
that his lowest right rib
had healed from a previous fracture.
And the same goes for his lower left rib.
I think you have a history of child abuse.
[suspenseful music]
[whispers]
It's true.
You're under arrest for violation
of the children's welfare act.
You have the right to legal representation
if you do not represent yourself.
You also have the right
to challenge your arrest. Let's go.
[grunts]
Hey, you. I'm going to remember this.
If I ever see you again, you're dead.
You better watch your back, huh!
-[police 1] Let's go.
-[police 2] Come on.
-You're the social worker, correct?
-Yes.
The surgery should take around
two or three hours.
Um, when he wakes up,
he might be feeling anxious.
So, please make sure he feels safe.
-I'll do that.
-All right.
Oh, his brother, back at home,
his name is Jae-hun and he's all alone.
He must be waiting
for the two of them just starving.
One of my colleagues should be there
by now. We'll take care of him.
-All right. Thank you.
-Okay.
[indistinct chatter on PA]
Oh, Dr. Bae.
Great work.
I didn't think of checking
his brother's X-ray.
-Thank you.
-Glad I could help.
See you, Gwang-hyeon.
Oh, Dr. Jang.
Hurry up and get ready for the surgery.
I've already called Anesthesiology.
When the surgery is approved,
just send the patient to the OR.
Okay.
[theme music]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[exhales deeply]
I'm really hungry.
Let's go get some barbecue.
I've already told the others.
Oh, right. Did you fix that thing
with Professor Kwon?
Not quite.
[sighs]
I never imagined that this kind of thing
would ever happen.
God, I need some candy. You got any?
-In there.
-[Ik-jun] Great.
So you're telling me that the patient that
Professor Kwon saw wasn't the real son?
Yeah, they had me see the real son,
and had Professor Kwon see the imposter.
[Ik-hun] Ah, this punk.
He's like a little kid.
[sighs]
We do two check-ups, a psychiatric test,
and a fingerprint registration.
Plus, security's really tight here.
[scoffs]
How do they think they'd get away with it?
Gosh.
The liver transplant
was the only way for Sim.
But since his son refused,
he had to take chances.
[scoffs]
Honestly, they planned it out pretty well.
The real son went through
most of the checkups,
and the fake one hid in the room
and only showed his face to Professor Kwon
and the nurse assisting him.
Since Professor Kwon
was in charge of the surgery,
the fake son had to greet him
every time he entered the room.
On top of that, they chose
the imposter pretty well.
They got someone
who spent a year at another hospital.
[scoffs]
They would've gotten caught
on the day of the surgery anyway.
Hey. Give me some.
Here. Mm.
They were counting
on a donor and the recipient
having separate medical teams.
They knew that I was in charge of Sim,
and Professor Kwon was in charge
of his son.
They probably didn't think
we knew each other's patients.
[chuckles]
Did they think we were stupid?
And what about me?
Did they think surgery
is all I'm good for?
They didn't think
I would check up on all my patients?
Hey.
You should really stop eating that
because Jun-wan keeps count of those.
-Those snacks are his favorite, you know.
-What a weirdo.
Hey, where the hell is he anyway?
-We have a tight schedule today.
-I don't know.
He took the day off.
I saw him go somewhere, all dressed up.
He told me that he'd meet us
at the restaurant.
-Probably a girl.
-Of course.
It's obvious. That guy
has been single for way too long.
I give it three months at most.
[clicks tongue, scoffs]
You know, he's not a bad-looking guy.
-How come he can't date anyone long-term?
-[gasps]
Hey, look. Have you seen this?
What?
[exhales deeply]
The donor pretending to be the son
is an employee of Seok-hyeong's dad.
Where's Seok-hyeong right now?
I don't know. He's probably in the OR.
[machine beeping]
Good work, everyone.
-Thank you.
-Thanks, doctor.
CONGRESSMAN SIM CAUGHT
SWITCHING HIS LIVER DONOR
[exhales deeply]
[sizzling]
So, you're gonna renovate the place?
When? And where are you going to stay?
Yeah, starting tomorrow.
[sighs]
Why can't you just leave the house be?
It's not like you're getting married.
Why leave so suddenly?
How can you take a shower
in that bathroom?
That's all that I'm renovating.
It's pretty old.
They're going to be staying at my place
for a while.
But what about sweet little U-ju?
I sent him to Changwon
with his Auntie Wang.
Hey, Seok-hyeong,
aren't you drinking way too much?
You should stop.
This is your third can of soda.
Just order some beer, man.
No one's gonna call you this late.
You're being annoying.
[Seok-hyeong] You know,
you guys sound just like my family.
Don't you think
this bean powder is like my family?
You're right.
It is like your family. Right, guys?
In pieces like the bean powder. Jeez.
Hey, your dad is really…
[sighs]
What the hell is the matter with your dad?
He cheated on your mom.
And not only that.
He coaxed his employee
into organ trafficking.
And he was charged
with tax evasion last year.
He paid ten billion in penalties.
Hey, you're not gonna say anything?
-Me?
-Just say it.
When I was a freshman,
I went down to the basement
for band practice.
I was the first one there, so
I started practicing on the drums alone.
Then Seok-hyeong's dad came in…
and he asked me
to go buy cigarettes for him.
-So what?
-And then what?
He didn't give me any money for it.
And he still hasn't paid me.
A thousand won. 88 Lights.
He's unbelievable.
Excuse me! Two more orders
of pork belly, please.
And can we get a bowl of soup
with that, too?
-[server] Okay.
-[sighs]
-Seok-hyeong.
-[Seok-hyeong] Huh?
He hasn't been arrested yet.
Can you believe that? Huh?
I really don't get it.
I bet he got sympathy
for his heart condition.
What does your mom think?
I don't think she really cares too much.
But I'm pretty sure
she wants him to go to jail.
-Here's your pork belly.
-She should get divorced like me.
Wow.
We're so cool now.
We talk about all these like it's nothing.
-We're like grown-ups.
-What's wrong with divorce?
What's wrong with divorce?
Hey, Seok-hyeong,
is it a sin to get divorced?
-Yes, it is.
-You're such a jerk.
I still feel bad for my ex-wife.
She went through all of that trouble
because of me and because of my family.
-It was the right call getting divorced.
-Okay.
We have a lot to do tonight, so go eat.
We should get to practice
and all the other stuff. Hurry up.
Gosh, it's 9:00 p.m. already.
[Ik-jun] ♪ The night is deep ♪
-♪ Lights that wander and dance ♪
-Oh, that's hot.
[Ik-jun] Oh, it's good.
♪ Intoxicated by the night ♪
-♪ And the alcohol ♪
♪ I'm stumbling ♪
♪ It's nearing dawn ♪
♪ But I'm still alone ♪
♪ This feeling ♪
♪ Isn't too bad ♪
♪ I want to stay ♪
♪ By your side forever ♪
♪ Intoxicated by the night ♪
-♪ And the alcohol ♪
♪ I want to get away ♪
♪ I don't know ♪
♪ If you can understand my sadness ♪
♪ My darling shoes ♪
♪ Please, don't leave me ♪
-♪ Watching the stars appear ♪
-♪ Blossoming like a fairy tale ♪
-♪ I get on the carriage, drunk ♪
-♪ And catch myself a moon tonight ♪
♪ Even if just once ♪
-♪ Don't go ♪
-♪ If you could smile for me ♪
-♪ Don't leave me behind ♪
-♪ Even if it were a lie ♪
-♪ Don't go ♪
-[phone vibrates]
-♪ I would pluck a star for you ♪
-♪ Don't leave me behind ♪
-♪ When morning comes ♪
-♪ Don't go ♪
-♪ Stars will disappear ♪
-♪ Don't leave me ♪
-♪ Don't leave me behind ♪
-♪ What am I to do ♪
-♪ Don't go ♪
-♪ I would rather you just leave me ♪
-♪ Watching the stars appear ♪
-♪ Blossoming like a fairy tale ♪
Sorry. My patient is looking for me.
Got to go.
-♪ I get on the carriage, drunk ♪
-Hey, Seok-hyeong!
I still need you for something.
Hey!
I'm sorry, guys, I have a patient refusing
to go through with the transplant.
-[Seok-hyeong] I got to go.
-♪ Don't go ♪
-♪ Don't leave me behind ♪
[all singing]
♪ Tonight I want to stay at your feet ♪
♪ Like bright red flower petals ♪
But the NST was just fine this afternoon.
[Min-ha] Yes, but the late deceleration
suddenly dropped to 70
and won't come back up.
Please, just come to
the treatment room, okay?
I'll be there.
[sighs]
[sobbing]
How can a father…
do this to his child?
[sniffs]
Doctor.
I… I can't have the surgery.
The decision's been made
was very difficult.
She intentionally didn't visit here today,
so you wouldn't cry
to keep you in the best condition
for the coming transplant surgery.
Sir, you're making this
much harder for Bin.
[sobbing]
[sighs]
I'll make sure it doesn't hurt at all.
Okay?
[sighs]
And I don't mean just for you.
But Bin, too.
I'm going to make sure that the operation
is smooth and painless.
So you don't need to worry.
[both sobbing]
[Ik-jun] I heard
you used to be a detective,
but you're kind of a crybaby,
aren't you, huh?
[chuckles]
[panting]
-[confetti pops]
-[staff cheering]
-[Eun-won] Surprise!
-[Min-ha] Happy birthday!
[staff] ♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday, happy birthday ♪
[staff cheering]
Happy birthday to you!
[laughs]
-[Eun-won] The look on your face.
-[laughter]
[quirky music]
I'm going home.
-Oh, good evening, ma'am.
-Good evening.
-[Jeong-won] Good evening, ma'am.
-[Song-hwa] Good evening.
Seok-hyeong was just called in
to the hospital.
-Yes. He already told me. Thank you.
-[chuckles]
Here, try these.
I bought them. It's delicious.
[chuckles]
Right. Thanks a lot.
Song-hwa, why don't you stay over?
-Huh?
-It's already late. You should stay.
I've already cleaned Seok-hyeong's room.
[chuckles]
-Just do it.
[awkward chuckle]
Hm, if anything goes wrong with the donor,
it'll be hard on me, too.
I promise. I'll do my best
with Bin's surgery.
And while I'm doing that,
Dr. Jong here will be responsible
for your husband's surgery.
[Ik-jun clicks tongue]
The surgeries will be simultaneous.
Once your husband's liver is removed,
and we complete
all of the necessary steps,
I'll conduct the liver transplant
on your husband.
The operation…
[inhales sharply]
Uh, starting from anesthesia,
all the way to surgery should take,
I guess around 10 to 12 hours.
And if I come out in the middle
of that, it's not good.
But if I don't,
then you know it's going well, okay?
Even if the surgery takes longer
than expected.
And my daughter's surgery?
Is that going to be a tough process, too?
[chuckles]
All surgeries are tough.
But since she's quite young,
relatively healthy,
and determined to do this,
I'm quite confident that
she'll do just fine.
However…
[inhales sharply]
…your husband's veins
have become quite dilated
from the severe cirrhosis,
so we may have some difficulty
stopping the bleeding during surgery.
I'm sure they've explained it to you
when you signed the, the, uh…
Hey, why aren't you asleep?
Mom, it's going to be fine.
I heard he performs
this surgery all the time.
I wouldn't say "all the time."
But, I guess you're right.
I kind of do it "all the time."
You're braver than your dad.
She's braver than me, too.
Bin, if you would,
let's sleep in the same bed tonight.
Gross, no way. Just forget it.
Doc, catch you later. See you.
Right on. Tomorrow.
SURGERY IN PROGRESS
[light music]
[male orderly] We're going to go slowly.
You said that your husband was tough.
I guess he isn't.
What kind of father…
takes his own daughter's liver to live?
[sobs]
I'm horrible. I'm a horrible father.
[coordinator] Don't worry, sir.
Everything will be fine.
Just try to think of it as going to sleep.
We're going to need you to calm down,
so you can be in optimum condition
for the surgery, okay?
[whimpers]
Careful.
-Hi there, doctor.
-Good morning, doctor.
There you go, honey. Lean against my back.
God, I'm fine. Cut it out.
[both chuckle]
So, doctor. Why is my baby
taking so long to come out?
It feels like the baby
doesn't wanna meet us.
Oh, don't say that.
Just give it a few more days.
It should be due soon.
Nothing is wrong with her, right, doctor?
My wife is perfectly fine?
Yes, everything looks good.
Oh, thank goodness.
[Seok-hyeong] You've been handling
everything wonderfully,
so it's all gonna be fine.
You just need to relax and leave it to me.
I'll take care of everything.
Just eat well and get lots of rest.
It will all be fine.
[both chuckle]
-Well, I have another question for you.
-Yes?
Are you a married man, doctor?
Yes. What?
[chuckles]
It's just, I've been thinking
you're such a good person,
and I'd like to set you up with
a friend of mine if that's all right.
Oh no, it's all right.
You, you really don't have to.
You have a girlfriend, don't you?
Uh… No, I don't.
But really, I'm fine. Thank you.
[inhales sharply]
You're now 37 weeks pregnant.
So please come to the hospital right away
whenever your belly starts to hurt.
I have a question for you, too.
When… when my wife goes into labor,
would it be all right
if I sang in the delivery room?
Come on. I told you not to do that.
We'll get going now.
I've been singing to the baby every night.
I'm sure that the baby's going to love it!
I swear, I'm really good at it--
[groans]
-[Jae-yeong] Shut up!
-[Jae-yeong's husband grumbling]
[door closes]
[Jun-wan] Be more gentle about it.
That's too much. Hold back.
You'll cut straight through
with that much pressure.
Understood. My apologies.
[Jae-hak groans]
-[Jun-wan] Did you get any sleep?
-No.
I mean, I did.
[Jun-wan] What?
Yesterday was your day off.
Professor Cheon asked him
to examine 200 people,
so he could use the data for his thesis,
so he was up all night.
[Jun-wan] Who's Professor Cheon?
He started working here last week.
You don't know him?
I don't. Is he famous or something?
Yeah. Famous for being hard
on all his patients.
[man] I did some research and I read that
the aortic valve replacement
is usually done
through minimally
invasive methods elsewhere.
-I'm sorry. Are you a doctor?
-[man] Huh?
Uh, no. Sorry, I'm just asking
because I'm worried.
Yes, the surgery should be fine.
Leave.
[man] Let's go. Let's keep going, Dad.
[Jun-wan] Dr. Do, I'll be leaving the rest
to you, all right?
[Jae-hak] But professor…
But please don't abandon me, huh?
If you… If you do. They're going to
transfer me to another hospital. Please!
Stay focused!
[whimpers]
Let's stay focused.
Who's gonna take Geon-hui?
Dr. Ahn is going to do it.
Ahn Chi-hong, start.
Hong Geon-hui, a five-year-old boy.
He passed out while blowing a balloon
and was taken to the ER.
The CT angiography,
makes it seem like a moyamoya disease.
And we've made arrangements
for a TFCA later.
Currently, he's on a ventilator
and undergoing hydration.
He's stable at the moment.
What exactly causes the disease?
Genetics…
[sighs]
[sharp inhale]
There's a pretty good chance
that children will contract moyamoya
disease if their parents have it as well.
However, it's not a guaranteed thing.
So it's not entirely genetic.
Dr. Ahn, what do we have
to watch out for the most?
We shouldn't let him cry.
If he starts crying,
his blood vessels will contract,
lowering the blood flow to his brain.
It could result
in a seizure or hemiplegia.
That's right.
You can't let him cry at all.
-That's pretty hard.
-Right, it really is.
Be careful when you conduct the CT.
Calm him down before you do it.
Because if you don't,
then you might have to give him Pocral.
-It'll be safer if he's asleep.
-Okay.
Observe him closely for now.
And that should be all.
-[sighs]
-Seok-min, how about lunch?
Dr. Do is buying lunch 'cause
his installment savings matured today.
I can come too, right?
Dr. Do is known to be really stingy,
so I just have to be there.
Dr. Do is known for being stingy?
Oh, yeah, totally.
He's like a legend around here.
He gets a hundred grand a month.
And they say he saves
half of it every time.
That's kind of amazing.
[inhales deeply]
All right, then.
You guys have a nice lunch.
What about me? I'm free for lunch.
-Hm?
-I just said I was free for lunch.
Aren't you going?
You don't wanna go?
It's gonna be one for the books.
No, I don't think so. I'll just stay here
and have lunch with you.
All right. Let's go.
I'll get you something nice.
-from the Professors' Cafeteria.
-What? Really? What about me?
-You should've said so sooner.
-Too late.
I'm only taking Chi-hong. Let's go.
[Seon-bin and Seok-min groan]
[Ik-jun] I'll hold the portal vein.
[nurse 1] Okay,
the hemostat's ready as well.
-[Ik-jun] Is the perfusion ready?
-[nurse 1] Yes.
I'll hold the hepatic artery.
[Ik-jun sighs]
That went well. It's really clean.
Dr. Kim, there's no bleeding, right?
Check for bleeding and wrap it up, please.
Hey, great work, doctor.
Go home and get some rest.
You still have
the transplant surgery coming up.
[Tae-hyeong] I think
they're still doing the hepatectomy.
[Ik-jun] Okay, I will.
Keep up the good work, people.
Gyeo-ul, you too.
Sure.
[door opens, closes]
-[Se-hyeok] Give me the vascular clamp.
-[anesthetist] How are the vitals looking?
[Se-hyeok] BP's at 90-60
and the pulse is 100.
Suction, please. I can't see.
More suction. And gauze.
-[nurse 2] I brought three bags of RBC.
-[Se-hyeok] Wider, please.
A bit more. I can't see.
-Widen it more, please.
-[anesthetist] Give me another lever.
-Get me a full dose of--
-[Se-hyeok] Keep suction on. Keep going.
Gauze. Right here.
-We need more blood here.
-[Se-hyeok] Widen it more, please.
Is he bleeding too much? Is he okay?
There's an opening at the IVC,
but I just can't get to it.
Anesthesia, are his vitals okay?
[anesthetist]
He's been bleeding quite a bit,
but his vitals are looking better now.
All right, thank you. Do you need my help?
I could really use it.
Keep the pressure on. I'm going in.
[machine beeping]
[Ik-jun] Anesthesiology, we've dealt
with the major bleeding.
The liver was around the IVC,
so it bled while we were removing it.
This is hard.
You know Professor Kwon,
the liver transplant master?
-Yes.
-On his first surgery as a fellow,
this patient he had, started bleeding
right as he opened up his chest.
They took him out of there
once they got the bleeding in control.
[Se-hyeok] Ah.
[Ik-jun] It's all right.
This happens a lot.
And when this happens again,
I know you'll do better.
If you can't, just call me again.
[Se-hyeok] Sure. Thank you.
And we have to save him, no matter what.
If anything goes wrong,
Bin is going to kill me.
Okay.
The specimen is coming out.
[teller] Wow. You've never missed
a single deposit.
[Jae-hak chuckles]
It's hard enough
to make 60 payments in five years,
but you've never even been late, not once.
It's really impressive.
So, how much do I have?
[teller] You're withdrawing
a mature saving.
If we include the principal and interest
over the last five years excluding tax,
-100,128,140 won.
-[gasps]
It's been wired to your account.
Congratulations.
-One hundred million…
-Oh.
And this is a little gift
from the branch manager.
-For you.
-[Jae-hak] Whoa!
You're giving me a gift, too?
You've been our regular for five years.
This is nothing.
The manager also sends you
his congratulations.
You know, this is enough
to last me an entire year.
What? You probably
should stop saying stuff like that.
Your wife must not like it very much.
The lights in our house?
They don't even come on before 8:00 p.m.
-Ah.
-[phone rings]
Hi, honey.
[chuckles]
We have a hundred million now.
No, a hundred million!
[chuckles]
-Oh, thank you very much.
-[teller giggles]
Yeah, I know. I feel kinda bad since
I always mooched off of them.
So I'm gonna treat them to something nice.
[chuckles]
[Seok-min sighs deeply]
[comical music]
Are you serious right now?
I'm sorry. Next time,
I'll buy you samgyupsal.
-Thank you for this.
-[Jae-hak giggles]
Go on and eat.
For him, it's like
he's buying you a rib eye.
Just be grateful.
Come on, Seok-min. I really am sorry.
I already sent all the money to my wife.
I wanted to prove that
we had 100 million won.
A hundred million? How much money
do you deposit every month?
-1.6 million.
-[Seok-bin gasps]
Is that even possible?
Of course, it is.
He never spends money on himself.
Yeah, but still. What about
maintenance fees around the house,
and your phone bill and all
the other stuff you have to pay for?
My wife works full-time, too.
Since we got married,
she hasn't taken a single day off.
We saved up for ten whole years.
That's how we did it.
What are you going to do with the money?
Well, let's see…
I'm leasing a house tomorrow.
[gasps]
Congratulations!
[chuckles]
I'm really excited about it.
It's only a small apartment unit,
but it's a nice place. Real cozy.
How much was it?
Around 200 million won.
With the load and my savings. Good, right?
Be careful with the contract.
There's been a lot of scams
on the news lately.
Hey, I've studied ten years
to get where I am.
I don't need your advice.
And the landlord? What about him, huh?
Hey, man. Mind your own business.
[chuckles]
The real estate agency
will take care of it.
You should probably set
half a million aside.
You and your wife should go on
a celebratory trip for the weekend.
A trip?
-What's a trip?
-Weekend?
What's a weekend?
[exhales deeply]
[awkward chuckle]
[Rosa grunts]
[quirky music]
Goodness, it's hot today.
[in singsong]
♪ Why is it so hot? ♪
Are you impressed or what?
I grew all of these myself,
just like I did with my children.
You have a bad back, Mom.
You shouldn't be farming.
And Mom, only eating vegetables
isn't as healthy as you think it might be.
These are completely organic.
No pesticides. It's absolutely healthy.
More like you probably couldn't spray them
with pesticide because of your bad back.
And you should really have a diet
that's more balanced at your age.
Okay. Go and eat, it's getting cold.
You need protein, iron,
omega-3, and calcium.
Your anemia and your dizziness are likely
coming from a lack of nutrition.
I'm eating just fine,
-so stop worrying already.
-But you're really not, Mom.
If you keep eating like this,
you're going to suffer from malnutrition.
Oh, look there.
[Rosa sighs]
You see? I really am
eating well for my age.
If you have all of that,
then all you are is a drug addict.
I'm going to live like this until I die.
Okay? Now, be quiet and eat.
-Fine…
-Um, here. Try this.
It's seasoned aster. I made it
by all myself, and it tastes divine.
Jeez. If you can't beat them,
join them I guess.
It's really good.
[giggles]
By the way, about the thing
I told you about last time…
You need gochujang on that.
[sighs]
[light music]
[slurps]
Wow!
Unbelievable. How can it be so delicious?
Right? It tastes amazing, doesn't it?
-It really is divine.
-Oh, try this too.
So anyway, Mom. I've talked to everyone
about this. My brother, my sisters,
and I even went to
the Seoul Archdiocese about it.
It's a little difficult in Korea
because of the age limit,
but I can study to become
a priest if I go to Italy.
I've sent them a letter of recommendation,
and I'm waiting to hear from them.
I think I'll regret it
if I don't do it any sooner.
Hey, Mom.
[grunts]
No way. Study to become a priest.
Why not study to become a groom?
You seriously don't have a girlfriend yet?
-Oh, come on, Mom!
-Your brothers and sisters can,
but not you.
I'll become too lonely.
Jong-su and Seok-hyeong's moms
will be here soon. Finish your food.
It's so hot.
Harder.
Mom.
[light music]
[Jong-su] Hm, you're good at this.
Since you're a surgeon,
you're good with your hands.
These hands are my most valuable asset.
Don't just remove the heads.
Get the crap out of the middle, too.
Oh, my goodness.
Hey, seriously, how is anyone supposed
to do this all by hand?
[Jong-su sighs]
You know what a laparoscope is?
Tell her we used that.
[both laughing]
[Rosa] Stop right there,
put your hands up.
Didn't I tell you very clearly to keep
the heads because I'm going to use them?
You did, ma'am.
[Rosa] But you threw away the heads
and didn't get rid
of the innards, am I right?
Oh, but I, I kept them.
Oh… Oh, we just started.
Seriously, we haven't even done 20 yet.
[Jong-su] Okay then, let's see here.
Where are the heads? Tell you what…
I'm going to find them, okay?
[soft chuckle]
Yes, I'll find them all.
You better find every single one.
If my broth ends up tasting bad
because there's a single head missing,
I'm going to kill you.
Yes, ma'am.
Director, put the ones
you've done in this bowl.
Oh, yes. Yes, of course, ma'am.
Hurry up. You still have
spring onions to chop.
Damn it. You said
you're going to cook noodles,
but you lured us into a trap.
Hey, let's be real.
How can the two of us do all of that?
Don't you have a conscience?
You're unbelievable, you are.
God… How is it that
every one of them has crap in it?
There's a lot more.
[Jong-su sighs]
Let me get this straight, so that lady,
who's dressed like Audrey Hepburn
from head to toe… You're telling me
that that woman is Seok-hyeong's mother?
Did I get that right?
Yes. That's Dr. Yang's mother,
and Chairman Yang Tae-yang's wife.
-Oh, that's her.
-Oh, I see.
I would really like to help you,
but I'm not feeling very well. I'm sorry.
That's all right.
We're almost done here. Almost done.
[Jong-su chuckles]
Ma'am, would you like to have some coffee?
Maybe iced or hot?
Coffee?
[chuckles]
By the way, why aren't you married yet?
Okay, then, cold coffee it is.
I think I finally have enough.
-Really?
-Yes.
-[phone rings]
-Oh, my back.
[groaning]
[Jong-su] Hey,
how are you doing, little guy?
[Jong-su chuckles]
You called me because
you missed grandpa, is that right?
-Play a game?
-What's the point of having children
-who are doctors and lawyers?
-[Jong-su] How do you play?
Their dad can't even
have a proper meal at the right time.
I thought I told you to dress casually?
Look at you all dolled up.
I am dressed casually.
[quirky music]
[Jong-su slurping]
What did he want to play?
The mafia game.
-Is that right?
-Yeah.
My grandson wants to.
He's coming next weekend, and…
he wants me to play the mafia game
with him. Gosh. How do you play that?
You can do it. A lot of young people
play it nowadays. It's pretty fun.
I'm sure it must be a lot of fun.
I love The Godfather.
[chuckles]
Right. Well, so to put it really simply,
one of you is going to be chosen
to be a member of the mafia.
And meanwhile, the rest of you
are going to be innocent civilians.
If you're chosen as the mafia member,
you have to blend in with everyone,
so that you don't get found out.
And then, in order to win,
you vote out the mafia.
Oh, that's easy.
[chuckles]
So we figure out which one of us is lying.
[all chuckling]
Yes, that's right.
So, I'll be leading the game.
And since there are only four of you,
if a civilian gets voted out first.
That means the mafia wins.
So then, are you all following so far?
I'm quite good at knowing
when people are hiding things.
-I think I'll do pretty well.
-Same here.
Well, since we're going to
be playing a game,
what do we win?
Shouldn't there be a prize?
Oh, right. Hold on.
Here.
I got these from the hospital.
Oh, I gave you those tickets.
[chuckles]
Yeah. These are the recital tickets
that I got from the hospital.
-How come I didn't get any?
-I didn't get any, either.
They only gave ten tickets
for me to give out.
So that's why I gave them
to the VIP team for all their hard work.
Besides, I know you.
You don't like classical music anyway.
[chuckles]
You should've given me the tickets.
Why am I only seeing them now?
Oh, Mom, you can win the game
and take the tickets.
Besides, you don't even like
classical music.
-Why don't you go with your girlfriend?
-I told you, I don't have a girlfriend!
And why don't you have one?
You're a handsome doctor
at a university hospital.
-It should be easy for you.
-[sighs]
He doesn't have a girlfriend
because he hangs out with his friends
and plays in a band.
Seok-hyeong I understand not having
a girlfriend because he's divorced,
but why don't you have anyone?
Aren't you interested in anyone?
-I am.
-Well, who?
The Lord above. Ah!
Hey, Mom!
[scoffs]
I'm getting out of here.
No. You can't leave just yet.
Professor Ahn, sit down, okay?
You need to teach us
the game before you go.
Oh, you really should let him
eat in peace.
What's wrong with being religious?
Nothing's wrong with it.
-That's right.
-[Jong-su] And you, I know that
-you're religious too.
-[Jeong-won] Exactly.
Seriously. You're being such a hypocrite.
What's that in your soup?
[gibbering]
[stutters]
It's seaweed. Uh, yeah.
[slurping]
[Jeong-won] All right.
Let's start the game.
Once I say,
"Everyone, it is now nighttime,"
I'm gonna pick someone to be the mafia.
And then once I say,
"Everyone, it is now morning,"
that's when you start to talk amongst
yourselves and figure out who it is.
[gasps]
We really have to do this all night?
That must be why
only young people play this game.
I have an appointment in the afternoon.
Then you should probably leave early.
[inhales deeply]
But, while we're all here,
why don't we try it once?
It should be fun.
Your schedules are all clear, right?
Jeong-won, do you have a date tonight?
[sighs]
[Jeong-won] All right. It is now nighttime
-[hands tapping]
-Close your eyes and keep your heads low.
Now, I'm going to choose someone
to be the mafia member for this game.
Okay.
[hands tapping]
Now, the mafia is going to--
Oh, it's me. It's me. Me.
I knew it was her.
I felt something brush against me.
Oh.
-It's me.
-[Jeon] Congratulations.
[hands tapping]
[Jeong-won] All right.
Everyone, it is now morning.
And now, you all have to find out
who the member of the mafia is.
Okay? And now we stop tapping the floor.
[sighs]
It's not me.
But we haven't started discussing yet.
I'm not a yakuza, either.
The game isn't "Yakuza." It's "Mafia."
[Jeong-won chuckles]
-Oh, mafia.
-[Jeon] What about you?
Don't be stupid.
I'm not supposed to tell you.
Whatever you are,
you're supposed to say you're a civilian.
So, why didn't you say that?
Really? I'm allowed to say that?
Then, I'm a civilian. A citizen.
You're doing that on purpose, aren't you?
-Are you the mafia?
-No. No, I'm not.
Hold on a minute.
Since it's advantageous for you
to suspect me as the mafia…
Oh, then I should say that I am the mafia.
I am the mafia. Not a civilian.
How do you run the foundation
with that brain of yours?
Just retire. You'll run the hospital
-to the ground.
-What do you mean?
Our profits have skyrocketed
since the day I took over.
[deep inhale]
And thanks to her husband,
our hospital is getting a lot of press.
We're doing pretty well.
Director, it looks like your face
might be getting a little red.
-Me?
-Yes.
-Are you the mafia?
-You look a little bit flushed.
Maybe you're the mafia.
You've been talking quite a bit.
No, I'm not. How could I be the mafia?
No one in the mafia would openly say
that they're a member of the mafia.
Well, it really isn't me!
Jong-su, say something!
I believe Rosa isn't the mafia.
And how can you be so sure?
Because I'm the mafia.
What on earth is he doing?
Did Jeong-won tap you
on your shoulder or not?
-I don't think so.
-Oh, Jong-su, shut up already.
Seeing as how you keep trying
to eliminate me,
that makes me believe
that you are the mafia.
-Shall we vote?
-All right.
Then I cast my vote for Rosa.
I'm sure of it, too.
I cast my vote for Rosa, as well.
But-- I said it isn't me, you idiots.
I'm not the mafia.
Jong-su, you believe me, don't you?
I do.
Everyone. I am the mafia.
Forget it. Let's vote.
Dr. Ahn, proceed.
Fine, then let's vote.
The count is two to two.
You can't vote if you're the one
under suspicion.
Why are there so many rules?
Change the game so I can vote.
This is my house.
-Yes. You should let her vote.
-Come on.
[sighs]
All right, then.
We will now proceed with the voting.
If you believe that Jeong Rosa
is the member of the mafia among us,
then put one thumb up
in order to declare your vote.
-Yeah, yeah, yeah.
-[gasps]
Hey.
I'm sorry.
How could you betray me like this?
Right. And all the votes are in.
[imitates drumroll]
Innocent civilian Jeong Rosa
has been voted out.
-I told you that it wasn't me!
-[exhales]
The member of the mafia was…
none other than Ju Jong-su.
-What? You bastard!
-[screams]
[coughs]
What the…
-What the hell, why did you do that?
-I should have known
you would always betray me.
You're always such a weasel.
Hell, you even look like one, you bastard!
You're nothing but an absolute fraud.
When we were in elementary school,
you said you went to feed the cows,
but you lied and drank
your father's makgeolli.
-I should've known you would do this.
-Oh, come on. This is just a game.
This is just how the game
is supposed to be played.
Isn't that right, Dr. Ahn?
-[Jong-su] I'm right, aren't I?
-Yeah, you did great.
-[Jeong-won chuckles]
-See? I told you.
Every single time
even if it's just a game,
you always end up
showing your true colors.
Huh? Even if you had to betray someone,
how dare you betray
your best friend of 65 years?
-Stop it. I was just…
-How could you?
…playing the game, all right? Stop!
-Okay, give me that.
-I will not.
-That's enough of that.
-[Jeong-won] Hey, stop!
Cut it out, come on, guys!
-[overlapping dialogue]
-[Jeong-won] What are you doing?
[Rosa] You're a weasel. You're a weasel.
-[Jong-su groans]
-[Rosa] You are a weasel.
-[laughter]
-[Jong-su] Get her off me now.
[phone rings]
[Seok-hyeong's mom] Hi, Seok-hyeong.
Have you delivered the baby?
[Seok-hyeong] Yeah, how was your day, Mom?
You didn't know anyone.
So was it uncomfortable?
I'll take you
to a hot spring next weekend.
I heard of a good one in Gangwon-do.
[Seok-hyeong's mom] It's all right.
I want to see them next weekend, too.
[Seok-hyeong] Huh? Really?
Ever since I got old,
I haven't had the time to have any fun.
I've never met people as entertaining
as they were all today.
Hey, son. I want to thank you.
And be sure to tell Jeong-won
that I want to thank him as well.
I really had the time of my life.
[Seok-hyeong's mom chuckles]
[Seok-hyeong's mom] Okay.
[Gyeo-ul humming]
-[Min-ha] You're back already?
-[Gyeo-ul chuckles]
Why did you get so many?
I was told that another nurse
would be joining us.
So there's still only three of us.
We can't eat all of that.
[chuckles]
[lively music]
Oh. She eats so much,
but she never gets fat.
I know, right? It's kind of annoying.
Didn't you say you were going to a musical
with your boyfriend last weekend?
-Was it any good?
-No. We broke up.
Why?
He asked me out of the blue
what my salary was.
I thought he was going to help me
with investments, so I told him.
But then he asked me
what my dad does for a living.
[Min-ha sighs in frustration]
I thought his questions
were pretty childish.
So I told him I was getting annoyed,
and I asked why he was asking
those questions, anyway.
I told him that my dad ran
a guesthouse in Gangwon-do.
Then what happened?
I didn't want him to think
that it was a fancy place,
so I told him it was a small guesthouse
at the base of the mountain.
You should have seen his face.
He was devastated.
Your dad runs a guesthouse?
That sounds nice.
The view must be pretty great.
That's the only thing about it.
Anyway, since I'm a doctor,
he must have assumed I had a lot of
money and came from a rich family.
God, men can be so materialistic, huh?
Oh, you poor, poor girl.
That's not good.
She has a dream, you know.
She wants to have her first kiss
on Christmas wearing matching rings.
First kiss? I've never
been kissed before, either.
Are you serious?
I meant first kiss this year. Okay?
Oh.
You still have a lot of time.
Go on some blind dates.
Um…
Actually, I'm going to stop blind dating.
I'm thinking
of confessing my feelings soon.
You have a crush on someone?
-Well, you know… Um…
-[phone rings]
Yes?
Okay. I'll be right there.
Got to go. Kim Jae-yeong
is experiencing ROM.
They're taking her to delivery.
We got to go.
Who is that again?
I already told you about her.
That really affectionate couple.
Her husband wanted to sing
in the delivery room,
-so she smacked him in the head.
-Oh, right.
[Jae-yeong breathing heavily]
[Seok-hyeong] All right.
You're doing great.
Just take deep breaths.
-[Jae-yeong breathing heavily]
-Push a little harder now.
Push a little bit more.
-Okay, good. Keep going.
-[groans]
[Jae-hyeong's husband] Honey,
you're doing great. You're the best.
[Jae-hyeong groaning]
[PA system chimes]
[woman on PA] Cardiothoracic surgeon
needed in the ER.
Cardiothoracic surgeon needed in the ER.
[pants]
[Jae-hak] He went into cardiac arrest
due to bradycardia.
I did CPR for three minutes,
so he's looking stable for now.
[sighs]
Show me his ultrasound.
[Jun-wan sighs]
Why did this guy not come
to the hospital sooner?
His heart is in awful shape.
He probably didn't have the money.
According to his colleague,
he does logistics during the day
and makes deliveries
to fish markets at night.
And his guardian? Who showed up?
Uh, I talked to his father
a few minutes ago.
He's on his way right now
from the country.
I looked him up, and he's supposed to be
on chemo at this hospital.
What is he doing in the country
if he should be in chemo here?
He works in construction.
Both of them live paycheck to paycheck.
His colleague is already worried
about the medical bill.
Let's think about that later.
We have to prepare him for surgery.
Call Anesthesiology and ask for an OR.
And, Hui-su, if you would. Give me a call
-when his father gets here.
-[Hui-su] Got it.
Don't tell me you're here to see me.
Why? Do you think you're that special?
Hi, ma'am, have you eaten yet?
I came to see your mother.
-[Ik-jun chuckles]
-[door opens]
The family of Oh Jae-il
can come see him now.
All right, I'm going to need you
to take a deep breath first.
And lift your head towards your stomach.
And one, two, three.
[squeals]
You're doing great.
Just push a little more.
[Seok-hyeong] Yes. Just keep pushing,
you're almost there.
A little more. Just keep pushing.
Push.
[grunts]
There we go!
[baby cries]
Oh, gosh, how beautiful. Congratulations.
Time of birth is 1:51 p.m.
Congratulations.
You did so good, honey.
[sobs]
[sighs]
[cheerful music]
Thank you, baby,
for coming out to meet us.
Mommy loves you.
Your baby looks completely healthy.
We'll take him to the nursery
so we can maintain the temperature.
Sir, if you could come this way,
we'll let you hold the baby.
[Jae-hyeong's husband]
♪ When the world was withering me away ♪
♪ You came into my world ♪
♪ When my heart was dry
In a drought of love ♪
♪ You were my much-needed rain ♪
♪ The song of hope which I had forgotten ♪
♪ Came back to me as new sprouts grow ♪
Papa.
♪ Living my life as I yearn for you ♪
♪ Is a dream come true ♪
♪ You, my beautiful love ♪
♪ My dream is as warm
As the ray of sunshine in May ♪
-♪ I spend my night ♪
-Doctor.
-♪ As I wait for you ♪
-Please get him to stop.
-♪ How slow the night goes ♪
Please? Please make him stop singing.
Oh.
♪ I cannot even begin to understand ♪
♪ The burden you are shouldering ♪
[chuckles]
♪ I am feeling lonely today ♪
♪ Just like any other day ♪
♪ When the thorn bushes rustle ♪
♪ I want to give you my heart ♪
♪ And give you a place of rest ♪
♪ My precious love ♪
[Jae-il's wife] Honey.
Honey.
[sobs]
Your daughter is here.
-Hey, Dad. It's me.
-[Jae-il exhales deeply]
[machine beeping]
Did it hurt?
My daughter.
Are you hurt?
I'm not, Dad. It didn't hurt at all.
Not even a little bit?
I'm so sorry.
No need to be sorry.
You don't need to be sorry, Dad.
[all sobbing]
[soft music]
[sobbing continues]
[Jae-hyeong's husband]
♪ When the world was withering me away ♪
♪ You came into my world… ♪
Professor Kim,
this is Kim Tae-jin's father.
Doctor.
Please take good care of my son.
Please save him. Please save my son.
We put him under 20 minutes ago.
He has endocarditis.
His heat wall is infected,
so it's in pretty bad shape.
The damage is bad as it is.
We can't repair it.
He's gonna need a prosthetic valve.
[whimpers]
The surgery should take around four hours.
It could take longer, or it could not.
I will do my best.
Doctor.
Please give him…
the most expensive
prosthetic valve that you have.
[sobs]
Please give him
the best prosthetic valve that you have.
[sobbing]
No need to worry, sir.
I'm gonna make sure to give him the best…
and the most expensive prosthetic valve
ever made.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
[sobbing continues]
NAME: HONG GEON-HUI, NEUROSURGERY
[Geon-hui bawls]
[Geon-hui' mom sobbing]
Honey.
[sobbing]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER,
PEDIATRIC INTENSIVE CARE UNIT
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[exhales deeply]
Hey, aren't you going home?
I have to hand this in by tomorrow.
-What is it?
-It's for the KIHASA.
Make the residents do it.
I'm writing about
how to improve their work environment.
How can I make them do it?
-I can finish it if I don't sleep tonight.
-Come on, you really gotta take it easy.
-Stop talking to me already.
-[light switch clicks off]
[gasps]
Hey!
Aah!
It's decaf. I figured you've had
a lot of coffee already.
Could I stay here for a bit?
Sure. Just sit over there for a bit.
Was there anything you wanted to tell me?
You need any help with that?
I make a good at errand boy.
Tell me, Chi-hong,
do you like me?
Yes.
[romantic music]
I like you. Yeah.
I was going to tell you, but…
the timing was never right.
Sorry about that.
I'm really sorry.
But my feelings for you are sincere.
-I've had them for a while--
-Hey…
Uh… Don't do this.
Hey, don't do this.
You can't be serious.
I'll behave accordingly…
to not make you uncomfortable.
What? What are you talking about?
Hey, seriously, cut it out.
That's enough, okay?
Well, it's not something
I really have control over.
I can't just stop having feelings for you
just because you told me to.
I should get going.
Good night.
-Is Jeong-won going to be up all night?
-[Jun-wan] Yeah.
By the way, who's at home?
Ik-sun is.
[inhales deeply]
She came to Seoul
because her friend is getting married.
So she's staying over and heading out
first thing tomorrow morning.
I'll sleep on the couch.
No, I'm the one crashing there anyway.
Ik-sun is pretty good at taekwondo, right?
-Black belt.
-Judo?
Uh, black belt.
Is she a real soldier?
-[phone rings]
-Well, the thing is…
Yeah, go ahead.
[Gyeo-ul] Yun Jeong-hui
has increased drainage,
and there's a color change.
I suspect she's bleeding.
Check her vitals and do a CBC.
I'll be right there.
-Okay, I'll drop you off.
-Oh, no. It's okay.
Just drop me off over there.
I'll take the subway.
[door lock beeping]
[grunting]
[breathing heavily]
[both whimpering]
[soft groan]
Jun-wan.
[Ik-sun] Hey.
Are you okay?
[humming]
The patients always seem to get better
the moment I call for you.
-Sorry about that.
-Don't worry about it.
[in singsong]
♪ It's not like ♪
♪ I've got anything better to do ♪
Oh, right. Jeong-won's been
staying at my house.
Really? You've got to invite me over then.
Sure, no problem. Can you come today?
Oh, wait, we can't do today.
My sister's staying over.
I'll figure out another day.
I heard that your sister
is in the military.
Does she do any martial arts?
You have no idea.
[lively music]
-[Gyeo-ul] Wow!
-Six degree in Muay Thai, national team.
Fourth degree in hapkido,
third degree in kendo,
and first degree in taekwondo and judo.
And I think she's taking an interest
in jiu-jitsu lately.
Awesome.
My sister's kick could probably take
someone's head off.
She's amazing.
Her kicks are really something else.
You know how many kicks she can do?
I'm exaggerating a little here.
A thousand, no joke.
[grunts]
You know…
[blows air]
…those kicks of yours.
Those strong kicks.
They could kill a man.
I thought you were a robber.
What kind of robber punches
the door code when breaking in?
The modern kind?
[comical music]
Do you want some more kimchi?
[Ik-jun chuckling]
-[Ik-jun] Oh, my god.
-[Ik-jun and Ik-sun chuckle]
[Ik-jun slurping]
Jun-wan, I'm sorry.
So you'll be leaving at dawn?
Yes. I'm taking the first bus,
so I can get there by eight.
You ever gone
on a blind date with a celebrity?
Where did that come from?
The groom at the wedding is the CEO
of this entertainment agency.
And they've only signed one actress.
She was at the wedding, too.
She asked me
if I was Ik-jun's younger sister.
-[Jun-wan] Is this the girl?
-Yeah, she's the one.
She's absolutely gorgeous in person.
[Ik-sun] And she was pretty nice, too.
Did you really go on a date
with someone that gorgeous?
Should I tell her?
Yeah, we used to date.
Oh, my gat kimchi.
You're not lying to me, are you?
It was when you were
in public health, right?
It was the fourth year of my residency.
She saw me on Good Doctors
for five seconds,
developed a crush, and gave me a call.
You're pulling my leg.
I was pretty popular back then.
Why did you break up?
If you two tied the knot,
you would've been happily married.
And you'd never have met that ex of yours.
Yeah, but then,
I wouldn't have U-ju. Gosh.
[Jun-wan] But seriously,
why did you two break up?
She even came to Changwon
to see you back then.
She just wouldn't eat.
-Huh?
-What do you mean?
Whenever we were out, she'd never eat.
[inhales sharply]
[sighs]
And I think she had
an addiction to sleeping pills.
Whenever I'd wake up
to go to work in the morning,
that's when she'd be heading to sleep.
It felt like she lived
in a different world from me.
But, of course, in the end, she dumped me.
Wow. You really dated her.
-I'm not lying.
-[squeals]
Hey, you know you…
You never believe in anything I say.
Even if I'm obviously
telling you the truth.
Maybe you should have thought of that
when you were younger.
Where am I supposed to sleep tonight?
-Give me your room.
-No way.
-You can take Jun-wan's room.
-With him?
Don't be stupid.
[clicks tongue]
Jun-wan is sleeping on the sofa.
Aw.
-You know, you're so fake sometimes.
-[chuckles]
Yeah, you're right.
Aw.
[phone ringing]
Hello? Who is this?
[Ik-sun] Who is this?
Who is this?
[Ik-sun] Jun-wan, is that you?
Ik-sun, did you leave your phone here?
[Ik-sun] Oh, I must have left it at home.
I thought I left it in the cab.
Oh, what a relief.
-Where are you now?
-[Ik-sun] I'm at the terminal.
I left early to avoid traffic,
but I got here too early.
Hey, I'm sorry to ask you this,
but if it's no trouble, could you send
my phone to my base?
It doesn't take long by courier
-these days.
-I'll bring it to you myself. Stay there.
Mm. Sure, at the exit.
By the toast truck?
[deep inhale]
All right, then.
[Jun-wan] What are you eating this early?
Here's your phone.
Thank you very much.
I have a present for you.
Ooh. Oh.
[imitates fluttering]
[chuckles]
I'm just kidding.
But I do have something for you.
I heard you have a bit of a sweet tooth.
You like these, right?
-Hand.
-[jar pops open]
[Ik-sun] Oh, no.
Oh, no, no, no. Stop, stop, stop.
Put those back, you don't get that much.
[candies rattling]
-Oh, no, no, no.
-[chuckles]
Let me do it.
I got this.
Here you go.
The rest, I'm going to keep for myself.
-Okay.
-[rattling]
[romantic music]
Have I told you that I like you?
Go on a date with me.
Oh, goodness.
[Hae-seong] Good morning.
Good morning, sir.
[Hae-seong] Good morning, sir.
[Yeong-min] Good morning.
-How are you feeling? Any better?
-Ah, I feel great.
Wow, I guess money
really can buy happiness.
My daughter's spoiling me with this room.
[both chuckling]
Who's his daughter?
You didn't know?
-I never check who their family is.
-[door opens]
-[door closes]
-Oh, hi there. Good morning.
Oh, you should have hired a caregiver.
Professor Lee. This is Go A-ra.
Long time no see.
Hi there.
Yeah.
[chuckles]
[phone rings]
[Seok-hyeong] Yes, hello?
Sorry, who is this?
[Tae-yang's mistress] I'm the person
living with Chairman Yang Tae-yang.
Right. The mistress.
That's what people call me these days.
The mistress.
And why did you call me?
[Tae-yang's mistress]
I have something I need to tell you.
I know it'll be uncomfortable,
but could we meet in person for a bit?
There's a garden behind the hospital.
Meet me there in few minutes.
Talk to you later.
Hi, there. Two large
iced Americanos, please.
-Okay.
-Thank you.
Uh…
[Tae-yang's mistress]
No use crying over spilled milk.
I know what she's thinking,
"I won't let you be happy.
Over my dead body."
I really do understand,
but refusing to divorce him isn't right.
Do you think you could
persuade your mother?
I think she'd at least listen to her son.
I don't want to.
[somber music]
I am…
I'm pregnant now.
I'm three months along.
Let's not make this any harder.
I understand she despises me,
but how long can she keep this up?
It's ridiculous.
I've heard that she's not well.
What's the point of hating a girl like me?
Let's be mature about this.
We should do what's best
for everyone here,
and settle it once and for all.
We have a long life ahead of us.
I trust that you'll talk to your mother.
I know you're a smart man.
[exhales deeply]
Well, if you didn't feel any lumps before,
and you suddenly feel a big lump,
that could be a sign
that things aren't looking good.
But from the way the lump felt,
it did feel quite firm.
And when you take a look at its shape,
it's spiky as you can see here.
And there's a shadow in the back here.
The shape is quite irregular.
In this case,
I would have to recommend a biopsy.
Do you have time to get one done today?
I have to go to work in a few minutes.
How long will it take?
Just about 20 minutes.
Okay. Let's get started then.
[tense music]
[exhales deeply]
[upbeat instrumental music]
[Jeong-won] Hey, Jun-wan.
Are you seeing someone?
My gosh. She can be so immature.
You are aware
that you are the first, right?
I think that my sister
has feelings for you.
I know that very well.
[Jun-wan] He and his sister
are driving me out of my mind these days.
Tell me, have you seen Ik-jun
fall for a girl first?
Why don't we grab a meal sometime, doctor?
[Chi-hong] She's been saying
that she's still not ready yet
to go and date other people.
It'll be awhile before she's ready.
[Song-hwa] I think you two
have the biggest transformation.
[Ik-jun] Us two?
We still have to take a bus
to the school entrance?
[Min-ha] Admit it, Dr. Jang.
You're the one with feelings for Dr. Ahn.
Hang on, aren't you
Dr. Jang's best friend?
Yes, I am. How did you know that?
[Gyeo-ul] Do you think
he could have feelings for me?
Listen, there's something
I need to ask you.
[Ik-jun] Love can be so mysterious.
[Jeong-won] You know she acts
like everything's fine,
but I think
there's something going on with her.
[Chi-hong] Professor Chae
truly is a good person.
Something sounded off about her.
Did something happen?
You should go to the ER now.
[Ik-jun] No, you're not okay.
[Song-hwa] Then they would only be
in utter despair.
I want to live in a place
that's not too big…
[sighs]
…but also not too remote. Just for a year.